looking to improve your business
productivity leverage technology and
lower costs want to improve
collaboration in and out of the office
by making VTEC sip phones part of your
cloud solution you can unify all your
communications voice data and Internet
VTEC eros terminal features three great
products let's start with the VSP 725
feature desk set
it makes installation easy and
cost-effective with power over ethernet
dual ethernet ports and auto
provisioning program up to 24 functions
for OneTouch access to shared call
appearances busy lamp fields quick dial
keys feature codes and more and manage
multiple calls and call handling
features with support for up to three
sip lines or accounts a full duplex
speakerphone keeps up with your calls by
allowing parties on both ends to speak
and be heard at the same time you'll
love the superior voice quality that's
richer and more lifelike than ever with
HD audio and support for the g7 22
wideband codec now let's take a look at
the VSP 735 featured s set it comes with
the same great features that you'll find
on the VSP 725 plus a few more like 32
programmable functions support for up to
5 sip lines or accounts and a larger
display competing priorities the desk
sets have built-in DECT 6.0 radio so you
can pair the VTech VSP 505 cordless
headset with the death sets that way you
can keep talking even when your hands
are fault
finally if mobility is important in and
around your business you'll want to
consider the VSP 600 DECT sip cordless
base station and VSP 601 handset combo
it makes adding cordless handsets a
breeze each base station comes with one
cordless handset you can add up to five
more for a total of six even program
each one with a unique number or
extension to expand call coverage to
multiple employees or locations where
internet connections are not convenient
web configuration gives you complete
flexibility and assigning accounts to
handsets which can share accounts
enabling separate call groups at your
location VTEC eros terminal is
compatible with hosted and open source
PBX platforms so you have plenty of
options to keep everyone connected
wherever they are you'll also enjoy the
peace of mind that comes with an
industry leading 2 year standard
warranty make room for more business
with VTech eres terminal
you